All right welcome back to my students.
So before we go to the controller I think we should actually have put a password in our form right.
But at the same time we also have to make sure that our evaluations are are good because our validation
is passed because we don't want to actually be able to submit a form that is missing a field or anything
like that right.
So let's go to our form real quick and this create a password field that
gets filled.
Oops.
Let's make this a password method Mantid real quick and replace with password of course.
Take them all out of there.
We don't need a default password
right.
OK.
Let's go back.
There we go.
All right cool.
So once we have that the next step would be to make sure that we get or all of these data.
So let's just say enter data for Jose and Jose courting faculty makes sure that this guy he's role is
my database is empty right now but actually I'm going to fill it up right now.
Give me one second and pull some data in my database.
I had to do a migrate refresh when you guys weren't looking because I have some type of issue with my
computer.
But anyway.
So we got the data right.
Now we got the password.
If for some reason we go here and we type in Jose
or I make him active and some crazy password we do this we get these data returned.
Right.
So we're doing good.
We can get that data back in the controller.
So we go back to the controller we're returning that data so we can see.
All right so now we would like to create a to make sure that this form does not get sent where empty
data to the database right.
So let's create our requests.
So let's go here.
If you guys remember BHB areason if you don't remember the name you just type in BHB already and we're
going to make a request.
You can see that.
All right.
And if you want to find out by the convention if I can get my
my actually my terminal down that would be nice.
If you want to know the convention you can see it right here.
All right.
Kim OK's So let's clear let's do BHP Arty's and make requests and we're going to say users requests
users or we can use or
we can be a little more descriptive user that create requests.
OK if we want to.
But since we can't use this in the edit as well.
All right.
I have the same fields.
We can use going to make it like this.
All right cool.
So let's synchronizes real quick.
You guys probably don't have to synchronize like me.
All right.
Guys if you wanted to commit any time go ahead and do that.
Right now we're just going to authorize this.
We're going to set some rules here.
OK.
We're going to say the name
is hoops required.
Guys.
And I'm just typing in the first line so you guys remember how to do this.
OK.
Go ahead and fill it in.
I'm going to puzzle video affiliating myself as well filling all my part here.
If you go back to your IMing at Mencken's admins controller here we have to replace this request with
the user's requests.
OK of course is not going to be important.
I'll make sure that you import that clouds on top right here.
So always available here.
So we are injecting into these method.
All right.
All right cool.
So now we go back here and we try to submit this form with no data at all create.
He's going to redirect us back here again.
You see that doesn't it does not get submitted.
All right.
Now the next step is to actually display the arrows right.
All right cool.
So we're going to do that in the next lecture OK.
Take care